Crypto Agility (#70)
quicwg/load-balancers: draft-ietf-quic-load-balancers.md

algorithms or parameter sets simultaneously.  The load balancer uses the first
two bits of the connection ID to multiplex incoming DCIDs over these schemes.

> Encryption in the algorithms below uses the AES-128-ECB cipher. Future standards
> may deprecate these algorithms and replace them with others that use other
> ciphers, in accordance with {{?RFC7696}}. QUIC-LB implementations SHOULD be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Encryption in the algorithms below uses the AES-128-ECB cipher. Future standards
could add new algorithms that use other ciphers to provide cryptographic agility in
accordance with {{?RFC7696}}. QUIC-LB implementations SHOULD be
```
No need to mention deprecation; the important factor here is that you have a path to introducing new algorithms.
